Oh, this is Guozijian
The view is nice
That's Guozijian, which is the No. 1 Academy of Dajing
Nature is unusual
If my husband wants to come
With my husband's ability, there must be no problem.
Hahahaha
Junior Sister Chu joked
Although our fruit room is big
But not everyone can come if they want
Senior Brother Zheng Junior Sister Chu
Long time no see
How's your day?
Brother Yurang bothered
Junior sister is all right
Second brother, who is this person?
His name is Zheng Qing
Nanyang official person
The family is not ordinary rich
Wow rich second generation
OK
Wait, what did he mean by that?
It feels like it's targeting me.
Take away the feeling
He's targeting you
Hey, why?
Because he likes the chef
Hmph, it turned out to be a rival in love after a long time
Chef, is this the person you like?
It doesn't look very good, huh?
My big brother solved it some time ago.
Disturbed many officials of the imperial court
Long-running arson
How about you?
All day long, I know that in the academy, the fox is fake and the tiger is powerful
Just your knowledge
Far from my big brother
Nonsense, an arson case
If I can solve the case in less than half a stick of incense